twelfth win of the season
in the league bbva del valencià the picture
Che managed to beat him by 2 goals to 1 at
elche after the great European day
before the basilea the valencianista picture
very 'plugged in' at all times was the
dominator of the party in many phases
before an elche that did not arrive so much but
who made danger that took danger to the
guaita goal when he tried
this is the first controversial move
they claimed Sunday hand schism the
Valencian players the set of
pizzi
I 'm looking for at the start of the game
the first goal and in fact finished it
finding
in the 21 with this action in which aunt
that ends up turning a goal into a goal
that michelle intended from the front
of the area the shot of michel just
becoming the basis for piatti here
we see it is in regulatory position
the player who would end up receiving the
ball and hitting with the left
score 1 to 0 until then had
arrived more and better in Valencia but in
a very long play against the
illicit table
the escrivá men would end
scoring the 1 to 1 turnover of
michelle recovery by part of
Carlos Sanchez does not reach Cristian
Herrera and from behind the one who finished
firing is ferran corominas chorus
scoring 1 to 1 in the 28th minute had
passed only 7 minutes from 1 to 0 of
Valencia
the duel
of the Valencian community of this
day 33 was being exciting
as we said with greater mastery of the
ball on the part of the box but with
a more pragmatic elche in his game he
had to retire injured in the minute
botia the central was replaced by
lombán
setback to write although the
bank and got and have coincided during
many matches many days as
central elche second counterattack
lethal or very dangerous of the box
ilicitano because in the end it does not end in
goal avoids guaita the replica puts it
see even with this masterful execution
from the front of the area that ends
taking out the goalkeeper manu herrera
the end of the first period was encouraged
but it would end with tied with tie to
1 see the one that gets to have
very clear opportunity
in the last breath of the first half
from colombiano carlos sánchez
a great opportunity to put what
it would have been
1 to 2 on the score valence
I would go back in advance I would do it in 16
evenly scoring the 2 to 1 and his third goal
this season in the pdv league
another action that comes from a ball
rebounded from another footballer who returns to
get second line there we see how
for the ball
jonas take away the ball the bad clearance
at the end of the ilicitana defense allows
evenly coming from behind it
hooked a strong shot was the 2 to
1 with which the valence was put by
front and with which the valence was
passing over milk in the
second half here proves it one of the
envelopes center of refreshment in the second
time and he was one of the animators
of the match cede cartabia good ball
blocked by the goalkeeper
manu herrera and this would be a play
controversy that would end the penalty of
piatti about christian herrera and that the
left alvarez collector would remove
in the 25th minute
the second period a dubious penalty that
would not transform into goal damián suárez
because the hand of guaita would avoid what
It could have been 2 to 2
there we see guaita how it takes out
the ball and avoid the goal of the tie
elche until the last breath achieved the
set of escrivá this was a very
clear of another man who entered
in the second half huachi
in Valencia he managed to hold on at the end
the advantage and add in this way the
twelfth win of the season
here we have again like watch and
first prema is with the left and
this would be the action
of the bar ejection that had already
seen a yellow card and in this
play loses the ball he puts his hands
the foot ends up committing a clear fault and the
referee shows that second yellow
and we see how the foot clearly puts the
knee and get to finally see that
second yellow card at the end
victory of valencia in day 33
valencia 2 elche 1